add finite sample bias (closes #119) (#125)
malcolmbarrett/causal-inference-in-R: chapters/chapter-10.qmd

This distribution highlights a potential problem with ATE weights.
They range from 1 to infinity; if your weights are too large in small samples, this can lead to bias in your estimates (known as finite sample bias).

> ::: callout-warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: {.callout-warning collapse="false"}
```
This will make it expanded by default but collapsable. We should probably use that as the default but I don't know if we can do it in the YAML or something

## Finite sample bias

> We know that not accounting for confounders can bias our causal estimates, but it turns out that even after accounting for all confounders, we may still get a biased estimate in finite samples. Many of the properties we tout in statistics rely on *large samples* -- how "large" is defined can be opaque. Let's look at a quick simulation. Here, we have and exposure, $X$, an outcome, $Y$, and one confounder, $Z$. I will simulate $Y$ such that it is only dependent on $Z$ (so the true treatment effect is 0), and $X$ such that it also depends on $Z$. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know that not accounting for confounders can bias our causal estimates, but it turns out that even after accounting for all confounders, we may still get a biased estimate in finite samples. Many of the properties we tout in statistics rely on *large samples*---how "large" is defined can be opaque. Let's look at a quick simulation. Here, we have an exposure, $X$, an outcome, $Y$, and one confounder, $Z$. We will simulate $Y$, which is only dependent on $Z$ (so the true treatment effect is 0), and $X$, which also depends on $Z$. 
```

Like the ATM weights, the ATO weights are bounded by 0 and 1, making them more stable than the ATE, ATT, and ATU, regardless of the exposed and unexposed imbalance.

> ::: callout-warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: {.callout-warning collapse="false"}
```
